[nodejs] allow mounting local dd-trace-js as weblog volume (#2777)
DataDog/system-tests: docs/scenarios/parametric.md

#### NodeJS

There is three ways for running the NodeJS tests with a custom tracer:
1. Create a file `nodejs-load-from-npm` in `binaries/`, the content will be installed by `npm install`. Content example:
    * `DataDog/dd-trace-js#master`
2. Clone the dd-trace-js repo inside `binaries`

> 3. Create a file `nodejs-load-from-local` in `binaries/`, this will disable installing with `npm install dd-trace` and

Author: This is literally the problem that this PR is trying to solve.

>    will instead mount the `../dd-trace-js` directory in the container and then `npm link` to it. This also removes the

Reviewer: A universal way is to get the content of `nodejs-load-from-local`, and use it to have the location of the repo. 

```suggestion
   will instead get the content of the folder, and use it as a location of the `dd-trace-js` repo and then `npm link` to it. For instance, if this repo is at the location, you can set the content of this file to `../dd-trace-js`. This also removes the
```

>    will instead mount the `../dd-trace-js` directory in the container and then `npm link` to it. This also removes the

Reviewer 2: obviously have `../dd-trace-js` be the default value as i think most devs use it too

>    will instead mount the `../dd-trace-js` directory in the container and then `npm link` to it. This also removes the

Author: @simon-id I just used what's in the file without a default since the file needs to be created anyway. If you really think it would make it easier to use to have a default I can add it as well.

>    will instead mount the `../dd-trace-js` directory in the container and then `npm link` to it. This also removes the

Reviewer 2: actually nvm you're right

#### NodeJS

> There is three ways for running the NodeJS tests with a custom tracer:

Reviewer: Could you also update `docs/execute/binaries.md` ?
